34192582617;b'Imagine forking out Rs 21, 000 for a high-end designer wear for your two-year-old toddler. Banker Alok Deshpande just did that. The Mumbai resident recently purchased a multi-layered nude coloured dress with laser-cut, coin-shaped applique work and jacquard embroidery for his baby girl. Designed by Pallavi Mohan, this premium dress is Deshpandes gift to his daughter for her second birthday. Although astonishing, the upscale garment is reflective of an increasingly common trend wherein parents are gladly investing amounts upwards of Rs 15,000-25,000 to buy jackets, sweatshirts, tuxedo sets, Nehru jackets, skater dresses and cape dresses, embellished trenches, anarkali and lehenga sets for their infants. \n \nLuxury wear for children has been around internationally for a while now, with labels such as Roberto Cavalli, Moschino, Fendi and Dolce & Gabbana tailoring out cutesy miniatures. \n \nWhat was pioneered by Christian Dior and Ralph Lauren in the West in the 1970s, was closely followed by premium brands like Stella McCartney, Gucci and others, with Givenchy being one of the latest entrants into luxury childrens wear. \n \nIn India, though the market is nascent, it was valued at $14 billion in 2016 by Assocham, and is said to grow at a compounded annual growth rate of 20%. \n \nThere is a huge market for luxury fashion for babies. These days parents are enthusiastic about presenting their children dressed impeccably to the world outside, says couture connoisseur Chandni Agarwal, founder of Little Tags, an e-tailer for luxury kidswear and accessories. \n \nAmongst luxe kids wear, what has really caught on designers\' fancy is customising micro-miniatures for babies, infants and toddlers in the 0-3 years category with organic and eco-friendly materials. \n \nDesigners like Ashish N Soni, Rina Dhaka, Shivan & Narresh, Pooja Wang have been introducing a plethora of party wear, festive wear and casual wear for toddlers and infants of millennial parents. \n \nMarket experts say, millennial parents, who are well-travelled with a fine taste for high-end products and aesthetics, want their babies to look dapper. Thus, these parents are now on the lookout for garments that are fluid, versatile and trans-seasonal to make a well-groomed baby. \n \nSays Agarwal, "The acceptance for luxury fashion for kids has taken place already. The market is also spurred by increasing brand consciousness and the proliferation of digital platforms which showcase ensembles for celebrity babies. It is also a status symbol now. You are judged by what you wear and what your baby wears today. \n \nDesigning trendy wear for children who are just learning to crawl and walk is highly challenging. For designers, infant and toddler wear might constitute a strategy to strengthen brand loyalty and consolidate existing relationships with millennial parents, who are often themselves key customers. \n \nSays designer Dhruv Kapoor, We take inspiration from our mainline and tweak it to make the collection more relatable to that age bracket. Each piece is well-thought of in terms of embroidery, placement and durability. This all, without compromising on the look. \n \nDesigners state that comfort assumes priority. According to designer Anand Bhushan, the basic factor is comfort so that children can move with ease. We try to make the garments resistant to water, fire and wrinkles. \n \nBhushan says that the key is to keep everything simple as features like drawstrings or sharp buttons can pose a risk to a childs safety. Also, hazardous textile chemicals may affect the soft skin leading to rashes or allergies. This should also be kept in mind. Using kid-friendly fabrics and advanced finishes help in making garments safer. We use mercerised cotton and avoid zips, drawstrings and metal details. \n \nDespite the fact that infants outgrow a piece of clothing in no time, parents invest in high-end luxury apparel because baby wear is not about sustainable luxury, feel experts. \n \nDressing today is about self-expression and individuality. Image building is a common practice and everyone is up for it, says Kapoor. \n THE BABY WEARS PRADA  Dressing today is about self-expression. Image building is a common practice and everyone is up for it   Despite the fact that infants outgrow a piece of clothing in no time, parents invest in luxury apparel'