34192738481;b'Traditionally Indians are habituated to savings, though most people never consciously plan what the goals are or how they will be reached. The big question to ask therefore is, am I saving enough for my goals? And if yes, am I investing in the right set of instruments that will help me reach goals? To know the answer, ask yourself the following questions: \n Why am I investing?  \nWhat is the most important goals for you or your family that needs planning? The biggest goals invariably tend to be childrens higher education, their wedding and happy retirement for oneself. Younger couples may plan for a house or a car. Goal-based investing is always successful because when you set a goal you are emotionally invested in the process and tend to save diligently to meet the goal. \n How much money do I require?  \nThe next step is to estimate how much is really enough, that is, how much money you need to accumulate to achieve your future goals. There are two elements of significance in this estimation, that is, time and inflation. Start with how much money is required to fulfil the goal today. Next, think how far your goal is from today and then factor in the rate of inflation. \n \nThe impact of inflation does not come intuitively to most people. Make a guess; if today you have a decent lifestyle with a monthly budget of Rs 40,000, how much would you require to maintain a similar lifestyle in 30 years? Rs 3.20 lakh a month, considering an inflation rate of 7% per annum. This means by the time you retire at the age of 60, you would d need Rs 7 crore to provide for your spouse and yourself till 85 years. \n What will be an ideal portfolio suitable for me?  \nTo construct an optimal portfolio, you need to consider your risk profile. You need to consider how comfortable are you with investing in volatile assets. Further, you need to factor in your capacity to take risk, based on your current financial situation, existing investment portfolio and financial goals. \n \nIf you are an aggressive investor your portfolio can be a combination of equity funds and balanced funds. On the other hand, a conservative investors portfolio should mainly consist of debt and balanced funds. In addition to diversifying across the different assets, it is advisable to diversify adequately within each asset class. \n \nEven if one does plan well and build a portfolio, it is advisable to consult a financial coach, who can provide valuable inputs from his expertise. \n \nThe writer is founder and chief happyness officer at HappynessFactory.in'