34192713368;b"This long stretch of June will be loaded with high and low points that would be quite serious in the first few days. Your involvement in your work environment, in addition to your dealings in your business will be a learning stage. Try not to become careless with your work, since it can cause adverse results. As far as your endeavours, you will be fulfilled, as the outcomes for your diligent work, will be quite appreciated. \n\nYou can anticipate that this is a month of changes. Changes are going on both in your life and everywhere throughout the world. Aquarius individuals will be content with these progressions, as a significant number of them are helpful to you. This is a month for pleasure and leisure for the Aquarius zodiac sign. When your mood is good, you will get solutions for your various problems in life in June 2018. \n\nRead on for what the stars have in store for you in terms of your health fortune, career, finances and love life. \n\nThe Health Fortune \n\nThis month comes with full benefits through the solar's shielding powers. You will find yourself with a lot of bodily strength as well as energy to move ahead. There are probabilities that you might be affected by a cold and different minor illnesses. However, simple precautions and taking a little extra care of yourself can help eliminate such health issues. Try and set up a workout routine, so that you can stay healthy and enjoy a good physical fitness. \n\nWhile you will enjoy good health, recovering from an illness may pose to be a problem. Hence, it is imperative that you stay alert, take care of yourself and avoid falling sick. Seek immediate medical attention if you see any signs of ailment and don't wait till it gets worse. \n\nThis month, you can't afford to waste even a day's time if you're suffering from any illness. A great way to stay in the pink of health this month is to stick to a healthy diet, maintain good hygiene and adopt a good fitness regime. \n\nDon't experiment with food from outside. Avoid activities that put strain on your muscles, as this may lead to an injury, which will be difficult to recover from. \n\nAbout The Career \n\nJune may not be favourable in terms of your career. You will find yourself tackling difficult situations in your professional life throughout this month. To start with, the influences functioning around your career might not prove to be useful. You may not get the support you were expected from your managers, friends and colleagues, which may make you feel low and demotivated. \n\nAll you need to do this month is to be brave, work hard and focus on the task at hand. There is a high possibility that the profits you were expecting may not reach you, which will make you all the more disheartened. Instead of just giving up, you will need to figure out the exact cause for this stoppage and find a solution to your problem. \n\nAbout The Finances For The Month Of June \n\nFinances too don't look very great for Aquarians for the month of June, 2018. If your line of business includes dealing with government bodies or similar agencies, you will probably face an extremely rough patch, which can result in great loses if not handled in time. \n\nIn case you don't want to forgo such dealings, it would be best to postpone them until a time when the cards are more in your favour. By doing so, you will be safeguarding yourself from a lot of unnecessary troubles. You may also find yourself amidst several disputes and litigations concluded against you. Travel for work is on the cards, but may not be as fruitful as you would expect. \n\nAbout The Love Life For The Month Of June \n\nJust as your career, this seems like a rough month for your love life, where your connection with your partner may be hampered. You need to be patient, as these relationships need time and care to be strengthened. Call it fortune or your deeds, the month of June is a testing period for the bond you share with your partner. Upsetting mood and minor tussles will be frequent. These small arguments can cause bigger fires; make sure you do not keep your head high or escape from the situation. \n\nThis month also predicts that singles will have plenty of opportunities to form love relationships. However, you will have a tough time deciding whether to have fun or commit yourself to an exclusive affair or relationship. Fear not! Your horoscope suggests you'll have more clarity on these matters after the 17th of the month. \n\nAfter the 21st, you will find that your partner is more vested in you and you will have his/her support in any new adventures you'd want to take upon. \n\nYour Lucky Colours And Numbers \n\nYour lucky numbers for this month are 4, 7, 11, 22 and 29 and your lucky colours are silver and light blue. \n\nBoldsky - Get breaking news alerts. Subscribe to Boldsky."