34192624439;b'Road repairs and drain de-silting, which appear to be the two most significant, sizeable and touted activities the city administration undertakes to reassure citizens only too wary of its annual claims of monsoon preparedness, were saupposed to be over yesterday  May 31. The BMC has claimed that as far as the clean-up of drains goes, it has successfully met the deadline. That all the drains are "100 per cent clean". One can infer from that that there would be no waterlogging on the streets. \n \nBut photo evidence suggests otherwise. DNA snapped key nullahs and found them bobbing with litter a couple of hours after the completion claim. So if Mumbai\'s seasonal history and BMC\'s track record of keeping the streets above water are anything to go by, residents are likely to wade through waterlogged streets. \n \n"We have completed 100 per cent cleaning which was to be done before monsoon. The nullahs that seem unclean only have garbage floating on top. To arrest the garbage, we have installed floating booms," said V Khandkar, deputy chief engineer, storm water drains department. \n \nLast year, the BMC had to struggle to get contractors to clean the nullas, and its claims that the would not be flooded were washed away with the August 29 deluge. \n \nNow about the roads. More than 1,000 roadworks were undertaken this year which includes priority repairs and project-based new roads. On May 10, it said that 510 roadworks including those at junctions would be complete by May-end. But, as per a status report on May 28, there are 442 roads are still dug up. As as every year, the BMC couldn\'t make the deadline. But it is claiming it has completed 99 per cent of the roadworks. \n \nDeputy chief engineer of roads department, Vivek Kalyankar, said, "We have completed most of the work. Some levelling is pending. Minor works will be completed by June 10." \n \nThese under-repair routes do not include the pathways that are dug up by departments other than road, like hydraulic engineering and storm water drains. And then there is the MMRDA\'s Metro construction. Point is, too many roads resemble open sores right now, not streets that can brave heavy rains. \n \n\n 3,000 beds in civic hospitals reserved for monsoon-related ills  \nThe civic health department is gearing up to tackle monsoon-related illnesses. Other than starting a training session for its medical and paramedic staff in April, the department has reserved around 3,000 beds in civic-run hospitals for monsoon-related diseases, a civic official said. \n \nWe have informed the ward-level medical officer to conduct meetings with private practitioners over monsoon-related diseases and keep records on the number of patients, said a civic medical official from the epidemiology cell. \n \nIn 2017, of 6,000 malaria cases, a majority were reported from wards F-South (Parel, Wadala, Dadar East), G-South (Elphinstone, Lower Parel, Worli) and E (Byculla, Mumbai Central).'