34192633087;b'After living as Bangladeshi citizens in India for many years, enclave dwellers of Cooch Behar became Indian citizens on August 1, 2015 after the Land Boundary Agreement (LBA) was signed between the two countries. \n \nNow 1,000 plus students face a fresh struggle to change their father\'s name on the Class X board examination certificate. Many of them showed the names of relatives living in India as their father\'s name to cement an Indian identity. \n \nDistrict administrative officers say that have begun preparing a database of such cases. "Initially, we started changing the name on Secondary-level marksheets," said a senior administrative officer of the district. "Next, we will tackle higher secondary and then degree marksheets. After the first successful case, we anticipated that we would be inundated with similar requests." \n \nRahaman Ali, a resident of Poaturkuthi enclave, was the first one to get his father\'s name corrected on the marksheet. "While filing up the school\'s admission form, I had to use the name of an acquaintance  Sahar Ali  who lived at Khotamari village as my father\'s so that I could pose as a citizen of Bengal. Now, I thought it would be appropriate to get my father\'s name, Naskar Ali, on the marksheet," he said. \n \nThe process took nearly three years of visiting the red-taped corridors of power and endless paper work. It finally happened on May 15, 2018. \n \n"Technically it is only a correction of a typographical error, but for people like us, it is very emotional," said Ali, who has since procured a BA and is studying BEd. \n \nHe first wrote to the Secondary and Higher Secondary education boards for the change of name, but to no avail. He even wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, but those pleas fell on deaf ears too. Finally, he wrote to the District Magistrate, who forwarded the application to the Board and positive movement began. \n \n"I have lost count of the number of times I have been to various offices with my request," he said, but his persistence finally paid off. He is now waiting for the change to reflect in all his certificates before he starts applying for a job. \n \nAli\'s success has inspired over 1,000 enclave dwellers who now want similar corrections in their marksheets for Class X, XII and even degree examinations. \n \nSafiqul Islam Mia\'s story is similar. He was admitted into Bamonhat High School with the help of Lutfur Mullick and Firoza Bibi, Indian citizens who lived a few km away from his residence. "Rahaman has kindled a new dream in me and hundreds like me. The names of my biological parents are Asgar Ali Mia and Sajeda Bibi. I want to see their names on my degrees too," he said. Safiqul had appeared for Class X board exams in 2012 and is presently pursuing a degree in History. \n \nSumona Khatoon, a 21-year-old final year student of BA, has also applied for correction of her father\'s name. "I bore all the expenses of bringing her up, but unfortunately when she had to be admitted to school, we had to fake her father\'s name," said Jamsher Ali Mia, her father. "We used my Indian cousin Ekramul Haque and his wife Sumona\'s name. Now we want that to be rectified so that we can enjoy freedom in the true sense." \n Emotional tie  Rahaman Ali of Poaturkuthi enclave was the first one to get his father\'s name corrected  He had used the name of an Indian acquaintance on his official school records  I thought it would be appropriate to get my father\'s name, Naskar Ali, on the marksheet: he said'