34192718859;b'PRWeb \n2018-06-01 \nAMSOIL and Menzies Motorsports form partnership, poised to make large impact in off-road racing. \n \nSUPERIOR, Wis. (PRWEB) May 31, 2018 \n \nAMSOIL INC. is joining Menzies Motorsports to reinforce its focus on off-road racing. \n \nThis renewed relationship with Menzies Motorsports is part of our strategy to focus on teams, events and racers who demonstrate the quality of our synthetic lubricants while generating the most excitement for our fans, customers and Dealers, said AMSOIL Racing and Events Manager Kevin Kastner. "AMSOIL is excited to partner with Bryce and his team as he makes his way back to the drivers seat. The level of excitement created by his success and strong sponsor relationships will be a key addition to the AMSOIL off-road racing program." \n \nPlans for 2018 include the introduction of the partnership coinciding with the 50th anniversary of the Baja 500. Menzies and his new co-driver, five-time Dakar Rally winner Cyril Despres, will race in a Bryce Menzies-prepared Trophy Truck on the perilous tracks around Baja. In addition to the AMSOIL announcement at the Baja 500, plans this season include Menzies remaining scheduled North American races, events and appearances. Menzies will put AMSOIL products to the test in the desert, on short-course tracks  including the world-famous Crandon International Raceway  and in the chase and support vehicles that work behind the scenes to keep Menzies out front. \n \nIm so excited to reunite with AMSOIL, said Menzies. They were one of my first partners when we were racing the TORC Series, and Ive always wanted to work with them again. Their products are the best on the market and definitely give us an added performance factor. Were looking forward to working together with them and showing everyone else why we trust AMSOIL products! \n \nAMSOIL INC. supported Menzies Motorsports in 2011 when the team won the TORC PRO 2wd class championship as well as its first SCORE Baja 500 Championship. The team has continued to rely on AMSOIL synthetic lubricants since then. \n \nRacing in general  and off-road racing specifically  are integral to the history of AMSOIL. From supporting 13-time Pike\'s Peak Hill Climb champion Bobby Unser Jr. in the company\'s early days to sponsoring Scott Douglas, Brad Lovell and others today, AMSOIL has been committed to off-road racing for decades. The company is excited to further grow its support of off-road racing in 2018. \n \nFor the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2018/06/prweb155307'