34192624985;b'The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has registered a case of money laundering against Air Asia officials and few others for allegedly trying to manipulate government policies to secure international licence for its Indian venture Air Asia India Limited, officials said on Thursday. The central probe agency, they said, has pressed sections of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and is investigating if tainted funds were used to create illegal assets. It has taken cognisance of the CBI FIR to lodge the new case. \nThey added that the accused in its FIR, known as the Enforcement Case Information Report (ECIR), are same as those in the CBIs complaint. \n\nThe agency, they said, will go into the money trail of the accused and the entire deal and a joint probe by the two agencies is expected to henceforth go forward in the case. \nThe agencys office in Mumbai has been probing a separate case against the airline and its executives under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA). \nThis probe in the case, registered last year, was initiated on the basis of the claims of ousted Tata Group chairman Cyrus Mistrys allegation that fraudulent transactions of Rs 22 crore, involving non-existent entities in India and Singapore, were carried out in an instance involving the airline. \n\nThe CBI, in its criminal FIR registered two days back, had booked Group CEO of Air Asia Tony Fernandes, former Deputy Group CEO of Malaysiabased Air Asia Berhad, Tharumalingam Kanagalingam also known as Bo Lingam, and R Venkataramanan, Director Air Asia India Ltd, Bengaluru, besides companies Air Asia India Pvt Ltd and Air Asia Berhad. The agency had alleged that Venkataramanan was lobbying to secure mandatory approvals, some of them through non-transparent means, including the then Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance, No Objection Certificate and the attempt for removal or modification of 5/20 rule. \n\nIt is alleged that to be eligible for international operations, the company was required to have five years of experience and fleet of 20 aircraft as per 5/20 rule. The company is yet to get international flying permit as it currently has only 18 aircraft, they said. \n\nFernandes wanted it to fly internationally from the day of getting flying permit granted in May, 2014, it alleged. \n\nHe and his local Indian partner Tata Sons, through their nominee Venkatramanan, would lobby in government to get all approvals including FIPB clearance and amend or removal of existing 5/20 rule for international operations, the FIR has alleged. \n\nAir Asia had denied any wrongdoing after the CBI filed the case and carried out raids at multiple premises.'