34192575472;b'Rajkot: The Rajkot District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd, member of the Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that owns the Amul brand, has been found to be employing child labourers in their milk packaging unit in Rajkot. They were engaged in handling the milk pouches moving on the conveyer belt. However, the dairy authorities said that they were not responsible for child workers in their unit. \nThis was revealed when a team from the labour department raided the dairy, also known as Rajkot Dairy, on Thursday on specific information and rescued 16 child labourers working at the automated milk packaging unit. The team also rescued 20 children from two imitation jewellery making units in Shyamnagar near Thorala. \nThese children were made to work under inhuman conditions and at some places under hazardous circumstances. They were all shifted to the Special Home for Boys on Jamnagar Road. \n\nOn Thursday morning, when the labour department team raided the Rajkot Dairy, the labour contractor alerted the children and some of them who had completed night shift and were resting behind the dairy, fled from the spot. The children who were rescued were aged between 14 years and 18 years. \n\nChild labour prohibition officer Kalpesh Pandya said, These children were brought by the contractor from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. They had been provided accommodation behind the dairy which too was unhygienic. All of them were living in a very small room. They were made to work in milk packaging unit where ammonia gas, considered hazardous, is used for refrigeration. \n\nRajkot Dairy, which is a member of the GCMMF, sells milk and milk produce under the brand name Amul and also under the brand name Gopal Dairy in Rajkot district. The turnover of this dairy unit in 2016-17 was Rs 736 crore. \n\n\nWhen contacted, Rajkot dairy chairman Govind Ranparia said he was not aware of the incident. The children were recruited by contractors and I have no knowledge about it. Children are working on behalf of the contractor. It is neither my, nor my staffs responsibility. We will see the report and check the facts and then decide to terminate the services of the contractor. \nGCMMF managing director R S Sodhi said, We will check the facts and then will decide on the action that can be taken under our by-laws. \nDuring the raid on the two imitation jewellery units in Shyamnagar the officials found children aged between 11 years and 16 years working there. As many as 13 children were made to work in a small room with only one fan. They were also lived at the same place. These two units were run by two women. All the children are brought from West Bengal. There are middlemen who bring these children. After recording the statements of children we will lodge an FIR against the responsible persons, said Pandya. \nEarlier, in March and April, the officials had rescued 35 children from imitation jewellery manufacturing units. All the children were natives of Bardhman and Hubli districts of West Bengal. The offence is punishable under the Child Labour Prohibition and Regulation Act and Juvenile Justice Act. Punishment under this act, if convicted, is maximum three years imprisonment and penalty between Rs 20,000 and Rs 5'