34192532966;b'FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE \n\n2018-97 \n\nWashington D.C., May 31, 2018  \n\nThe Securities and Exchange Commission today charged an employee of a prominent investment bank with repeatedly using his access to highly confidential information in order to place illicit and profitable trades in advance of deals on which the bank was providing investment banking advisory services. \n\nAccording to the SECs complaint, Woojae Steve Jung, a Vice President of Investment Banking who worked in the banks San Francisco and New York offices, used sensitive client information in order to trade in the securities of 12 different companies prior to the announcement of market-moving events. The SEC alleges that between 2015 and 2017, Jung used an account held in the name of a friend living in South Korea to place these illegal trades and generate profits of approximately $140,000. As alleged in the complaint, by using his friends brokerage account, Jung attempted to evade detection by skirting his employers requirements that he pre-clear his trades and that he use an approved brokerage firm that would have reported the trading to his employer. \n\nJung tried to insulate himself by allegedly placing trades in the brokerage account of a friend who lived overseas, said Joseph G. Sansone, Chief of the SECs Market Abuse Unit. Like others before him, Jungs alleged scheme failed when our data analysis uncovered the accounts suspicious trading pattern and, despite Jungs attempts at evasion, traced the trading back to him.  \n\nThe SECs complaint, filed in federal district court in Manhattan, charges Jung with fraud and seeks disgorgement of allegedly ill-gotten gains, pre-judgment interest, penalties, and injunctive relief. The complaint also names Jungs friend, Sungrok Hwang, as a relief defendant to have him disgorge illicit gains that Jung generated by trading in his brokerage account. The U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York today unsealed criminal charges against Jung. \n\nThe SECs investigation was conducted by Megan Bergstrom, David Brown, and Diana Tani of the Market Abuse Unit in the Los Angeles Regional Office with assistance from John Rymas of the units Analysis and Detection Center. Gary Leung will lead the SECs litigation. The SEC appreciates the assistance of the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. '