34192688535;b'The South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SDMC) carried out sealing drive in GK-1 N block market on Thursday, leaving owners of shops and restaurants baffled. As many as nine properties, including eateries, designer furniture and clothes shops were sealed. The market, which is a peaceful sibling of the more vibrant M-block, houses some of the leading brands in ethnic clothing, cosmetic shops, and high-end restaurants and bars. \n \nCafe Turtle, Kasbah, BED are some of the prominent eating outlets that have been sealed completely or partially. The officials maintained that they were acting as per the orders given by the Supreme Court-appointed monitoring committee. The properties were targeted for violating floor area ratio and the non-payment of conversion charges. Panic struck the market late Wednesday afternoon as the teams started inspecting basements and upper floors. \n \nMeanwhile, owners claimed that they were being harassed unnecessarily when the authorities themselves were unclear about the guidelines. They also said that the committee was cherry picking by letting some get away with similar violations and sealing others. Some even felt that sealing would lead to the same fate as that of Defence Colony market. "This is sheer arbitration. Without any warning, they swooped down on the restaurants and declared that they are not in line with the laid down rules. I think we would soon meet the same fate as that of Def Col," said a restaurant owner not willing to be named. \n \nMeanwhile, the team also sealed parts of Timber market in Kotla Mubarakpur, closing around 48 basements. Over 152 establishments were sealed, including showrooms of popular sports brand, salon and car and motorcycle showrooms. Starting from December last year, the municipal corporation has been in an overdrive, sealing shops, restaurants and other business establishments across Delhi, including popular markets like Khan Market, Meherchand Market and Defence Colony. \n CHERRY PICKING  \nOwners claimed that they were being harassed unnecessarily when the authorities themselves were unclear about the guidelines. They also said that the committee was cherry picking by letting some get away with similar violations.'