34192548797;b'Kejri takes a swipe at Modi n Roots for Manmohan, his prime target during 13 Delhi polls \n \nNew Delhi: In an interesting turn of events, AAP chief and Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal on Thursday rooted for former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh after the BJP faced a drubbing in the bypolls. \n \nTaking a swipe at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Delhi chief minister said people were missing an educated Prime Minister like Manmohan Singh. \n \nIt may be recalled that the former Prime Minister was the prime target of Mr Kejriwals anti-graft campaign during the 2013 Delhi Assembly polls and the Lok Sabha polls the following year. On several occasions, Mr Kejriwal had even questioned Dr Singh for maintaining silence over some contentious issues. \n \nPeople missing an educated PM like Dr Manmohan Singh  PM should be educated. Its dawning on people now that the PM should be educated, Mr Kejriwal tweeted, posting a Wall Street Journal article on the falling rupee. \n \nMr Kejriwal said that the results reflect the anger against the Modi government. The Aam Aadmi Party leader said until now the people were asking who was the alternative to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, but results state that they want to remove him. \n \nTodays results reflect that there is a lot of anger against the Modi government. Until now people were asking what is the option. Today, people are saying Modiji is in not an alternative. Remove him first, he tweeted. \n \nMr Kejriwal and members of his Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) have earlier, too, questioned Mr Modis academic credentials and the authenticity of his degree. \n \nThe chief minister also attacked the BJP for playing dirty politics over the water crisis in the national capital. \n \nBJP playing dirty politics with Delhiities water. Delhi was getting this water for 22 yrs. Suddenly, present BJP govt of Haryana drastically reduced this supply. Why? Pl dont make people suffer due to ur dirty politics, the CM said on Twitter. \n \nEven since the AAP formed government in Delhi, its leaders have been on warhead with the BJP-led Central government over the way the lieutenant-governor had been turning down their key projects and decisions. Mr Kejriwal had on many occasions accused Raj Niwas for working like a puppet in the hands of the Central government. \n \nMr Kejriwal had even gone to the extent of saying that Mr Modi and BJP president Amit Shah want to control Delhi through the L-Gs office. \n \nThe results of the bypolls in four Lok Sabha seats and 10 Assembly seats across 10 states came as a major blow to the Bharatiya Janata Party on Thursday.'