34192540002;b'(2 hours ago)  ANI   Gurugram (Haryana) , May 31 (NewsVoir): Horlicks, the iconic brand from GSK Consumer Healthcare today announced the launch of Horlicks Mission Poshan with legendary actor Amitabh Bachchan as the campaign ambassador. Supporting the Government\'s Rashtriya Poshan Abhiyaan, Horlicks Mission Poshan will focus on the first 1000 days of a child with the objective of addressing malnutrition, stunting and infant mortality. Amitabh Bachchan will be part of many activities planned all-round the year including a 12-hour live Telethon and awareness camps across schools and villages. \nIndia has the maximum number of children in the world suffering from malnutrition1 and the core objective of the program will be to increase awareness on the issue. The key focus of the programme will be the first 1000 days of a child which are critical for cognitive development, physical growth and immunity. \n\nAmitabh Bachchan took to social media and announced his association with Horlicks Mission Poshan today through Twitter and Facebook. \n\nNavneet Saluja, Managing Director, GSK Consumer Healthcare said, "Our initiative has a singular goal - to help promote the need for nutritional needs across rural and urban India. We are fortunate to have Amitabh Bachchan partner us in this significant journey towards addressing the issue of malnutrition in our country. Horlicks has been a household name for over 100 years and Horlicks Mission Poshan is a small step to support the National Nutrition Mission of the Government of India. We are committed to dialing up mass awareness around malnourishment and working with the civil society towards its eradication." \n\nAccording to a recent report, India has the largest number of malnourished children in the world and currently ranks 100th out of 119 countries on the Global Hunger Index - behind countries such as North Korea, Bangladesh and Iraq.2 Horlicks Mission Poshan aims to build mass awareness about the importance of providing proper nutrition to children and crowdsourcing necessary funds to help promote nutritional diets for millions of children across India. (NewsVoir)'