34192530573;b'National carrier Air India, often referred as \'family silver\' by some in the government, has not found even a single taker for the expression of interest (EOI) floated regarding the divestment of the airline. Even as the government contemplates its further course of action, the development will bleed the company dry--about Rs 10 crore of public money every day. \n \nAnnouncing the details of the bidding after the completion of deadline on Thursday, the ministry of civil aviation tweeted, "As informed by the transaction adviser, no response has been received for the Expression of Interest (EoI) floated for the strategic disinvestment of Air India. Further course of action will be decided appropriately". \n \nConsultancy firm EY is the transaction adviser for the process. \n \nA ministry of civil aviation official said that it had hoped the submissions will come by the end of the deadline period on May 31, including from some well-known names, but that did not happen. \n \nThursday\'s development is in contrast with the statement made by civil aviation secretary R N Choubey on May 10, when he said, "There is a great deal of interest for Air India". Some of the major players including Indigo, SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Tata Group, Bird Group and Switzerland-based Swiss Aviation Consulting (SAC) are reported to have shown a keen interest in participating in the bid earlier. However, they all backed out later. \n \nThe airline executives across the spectrum told DNA Money that one major concern among the investors was about the government retaining 24% stake in the airline, thereby interfering in the decision making. \n \nAnother speed breaker for the investors has been the labour issues and extent of debt to be retained. The airline has a huge workforce of around 27,000 employees out of which around 40% are said to be permanent. \n \nWith a huge debt of around Rs 55,000 crore, Air India has been surviving on the Rs 30,000 crore bailout package announced by the central government as part of its turn around plan. \n \nFurther, some other key aspects of the deal had not been disclosed by the government as it was to be done at the request for proposal (RFP) stage and later during the final shareholder agreement with the bid winner. \n \nKapil Kaul, CEO and director (South Asia) of aviation consultancy firm Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA), said that he is surprised with the outcome as CAPA expected significant interest at the EOI stage. Treating this as a significant failure, the next steps should include a comprehensive restructuring of Air India under a special administration which can be followed by 100% divestment with less complex terms, according to Kaul. "Dropping the divestment case post this failure will be unfortunate," said Kaul, adding that he expects the government to quickly address structural issues and resume the process at the earliest. "Cost to the taxpayer will be massive. With continued government ownership even in an election year expect strategic clarity from the GoI (Government of India)" Kaul said. \n \nThe government had announced plans to sell up to 76% stake in the carrier, which includes profit-making Air India Express and joint venture AISATS (Air India SATS Airport Services). The earlier date for submission of EoIs for Air India disinvestment was extended to May 31 from the previous deadline of May 14 while the entire divestment process was supposed to get completed by the end of the year. \n \nJitendra Bhargava, former executive director of Air India and author of the book \'The Descent of Air India\', said that the government needs to rethink on where it went wrong, and lay emphasis on the assets owned by the airline and not on the debt. To be fair to Air India, despite having a debt of around Rs 55,000, the airline has a huge chunk of 2,500 international and 3,700 domestic landing/take-off slot. This is apart from a large tract of real estate in some of the most expensive markets in India and abroad including Mumbai, Delhi, UK, US, Europe, among others. It also has large maintenance and training units and a few profit-making subsidiaries." \n \nAccording to Hormuz P Mama, a veteran aerospace journalist and author, It (Thursday\'s development) was fully expected as the government made all the possible mistakes, and was still expecting investors to invest in the airline. " Air India cannot be saved and no investor in his right sense will put his money into it. The only solution is to let it die" \n NO END TO TURBULENCE  \nBidders who had indicated interest IndiGo, SpiceJet, Jet Air, Tata Group, Bird Group and Swiss Aviation Consulting \n \nRs 55,000 cr Debt Air India has \n \nRs 30,000 cr Its bailout package \n \nThe government wanted to sell 74% stake in the carrier and some of its subsidiaries \n \nThe airline has 2500 international and 3,700 domestic landing/take-off slot. The airline presently has a fleet of 120 aircraft. \n \nIt flies to about 54 domestic and 40 international destinations in four continents'