34192556803;b'SRINAGAR Chairman Hurriyat Conference (M) Mirwaiz Umar Farooq on Thursday welcomed the decision of the DGMOs of India and Pakistan for deciding to honor the 2003 ceasefire and follow it in letter and spirit. \n \nMirwaiz said that such a decision will at least provide a huge sigh of relief to the people on both sides of LoC, who otherwise become the first causality of the border hostilities between Indian and Pakistani army . \n \nHe, however, said that the same cannot be said for the people of Kashmir , where the situation continues to be worrisome and grim. \n \nPeople are the mercy of forces who continue to intimidate and harass them, he said addressing Majlis-e-Waz-o-tableeg in connection with the Ashra-e-Maghfirat at Masjid-e-Shareef Lahripora, Nowshera and Masjid-e-Shareef Narwara. \n \nMirwaiz said vandalizing the properties and houses of militants and desecrating their graves by forces was becoming a new way of harassment in South Kashmir villages, which is disconcerting. \n \nMirwaiz said forces are now resorting to torching fruit orchards and their owners and the protesting youth are thrashed for raising objection. He strongly condemned the shameful act of desecrating the graves of slain militants terming it as savage. \n \nMirwaiz said with each passing day, the anger among the people across Kashmir towards the government forces and the ruling dispensation was increasing. \n \nHe said on one hand, government claims that there are positive results to their cessation of hostilities against the people but on the other hostilities continue in different forms to repress people. \n \nMirwaiz also urged people to reach historic Aali Masjid, Eidgah on 17 Ramdhan (Saturday) in large numbers to pay tributes to the founding father of Kashmir struggle for justice and self-determination Mujahijir-e-Milat and Mufasir-e-Quran Mirwaiz Moulana Muhammad Yousuf Shah on his 51st passing away anniversary. Mirwaiz said that tributes will be paid to all the martyrs of Kashmir struggle on the occasion. \n \nHe termed the fasting month of Ramadan full of Allahs rewards and a great opportunity for Muslims to change for the better and to make the Quran and the life of beloved Prophet Muhammad (SAW) as a guide to lead life. \n   \nLoading Ad'