34192528974;b'NEW YORK/ABOARD AIR FORCE ONE (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday played down the chances of a quick deal in getting North Korea to abandon its nuclear arms as a delegation from Pyongyang headed to meet him with a letter from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, suggesting a proposed summit may be back on. \n \nTrump told Reuters he was still hoping for an unprecedented meeting with Kim on June 12 in Singapore to push for North Korean denuclearisation, but North Koreas leader said his position on that central issue had not changed. \n \nId like to see it done in one meeting, Trump said in an interview on Air Force One. But often times thats not the way deals work. Theres a very good chance that it wont be done in one meeting or two meetings or three meetings.But itll get done at some point. \n \nIn Pyongyang, Kim gave no indication of any shift on denuclearisation, saying his countrys will to see it realized on the Korean peninsula remained unchanged, consistent and fixed, and that he hoped North Korea-U.S. relations and denuclearisation of the peninsula would both be solved on a stage-by-stage basis. \n \nThe official Korean Central News Agency said Kim made the remarks in a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and that the two agreed their countries should hold a bilateral summit next year. \n \nUntil this year, Kim had made no visits outside his country since taking over from his father as leader in 2011. He has since held summits with South Korea and made two visits to China as part of a campaign of diplomatic outreach aimed at easing Pyongyangs isolation and U.S.-led international sanctions. \n \nNorth Korea has rejected U.S. calls for its unilateral nuclear disarmament and argued for a phased approach to denuclearisation of the entire Korean peninsula, which in the past has meant removal of the U.S. nuclear umbrella protecting South Korea and Japan. \n \nU.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said a North Korean delegation, headed by high-ranking official Kim Yong Chol, with whom he held two days of talks with in New York, would make a rare visit to the White House on Friday and give Trump a letter from Kim. \n \nThe letter appeared to be in response to a comment from Trump last Thursday when he cancelled the summit, accusing Pyongyang of hostility, but urged the North Korean leader to call me or write if he had a change of heart. \n \nKims letter seemed to be a sign that the summit might now go ahead. There has been a flurry of diplomatic efforts in the past few days to get it back on track. \n \nNorth Korea, whose nuclear ambitions have been a source of tension for decades, has made advances in missile technology in recent years and its nuclear arsenal now threatens the United States. \n \nTrump has sworn not to allow it to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States. He wants North Korea to give up its nuclear arms in return for sanctions relief, but the Pyongyang leadership has seen the nuclear program as crucial to its survival and says it cannot give it up without security guarantees. \n \nThe North Korean visit to the White House would be the first by a high-level official from the secretive state since 2000, when senior figure Jo Myong Rok met President Bill Clinton in a previous round of U.S. disarmament efforts that failed to bear fruit. \n REAL PROGRESS  \nWhile Trump has put great importance on sealing a nuclear deal with North Korea, he has bucked traditional U.S. foreign policy by alienating Americas European and NATO allies. \n \nHe snubbed France, Germany and Britain by pulling out of a nuclear agreement with Iran and upset the Europeans, as well as neighbours Canada and Mexico, with protectionist trade policies meant to safeguard U.S. jobs. \n    U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo gestures to North Korean envoy Kim Yong Chol during their meeting in New York, U.S., May 31, 2018. REUTERS/Mike Segar  \nTrump and autocratic North Korean leader Kim traded insults and threats of war last year. But in March, the bellicose rhetoric gave way to a proposal for a historic summit. \n \nPompeo warned at a news conference after talks with Kim Yong Chol in New York on Wednesday and Thursday that the pathto better relations would not be easy. \n \nThis is going to be a process that will take days and weeks to work our way through, he said. \n \nOn the subject of a summit, he said: It does no good if we are in a place where we dont think there is real opportunity to place them together, but added: We have made real progress toward that in the last 72 hours. \n \nKim Yong Chol is a close aide of Kim Jong Un and is vice chairman of the ruling Workers Partys Central Committee. \n \nThe United States and South Korea blacklisted the official for supporting North Koreas nuclear and missile programs in 2010 and 2016, respectively. He has been granted special permission for official travel to the United States. \n \nDuring his tenure as a senior intelligence official, Kim was accused by South Korea of masterminding deadly attacks on a South Korean warship and an island in 2010. U.S intelligence linked him to a cyber attack on Sony Pictures in 2014. \n \nNorth Korea denied any involvement in both attacks. \n \nThe United States and South Korea have technically been at war with the North for decades, even though the Korean Wars combat ended in 1953, because a peace agreement was never signed, only an armistice. \n     Slideshow (4 Images)  \nChina, North Koreas main trading partner and ally, said it supported and encouraged the emerging good faith between the United States and North Korea. \n \nAt the same time as working to achieve the goal of denuclearisation, we should also build long-term and effective initiatives to keep peace on the Korean peninsula, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chunying said in Beijing. \n   \nReporting by Yara Bayoumy and Steve Holland; Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos and Daniel Bases in New York and Susan Heavey, Doina Chiacu, Richard Cowan and David Brunnstrom in Washington Writing by Alistair Bell and David Brunnstrom; Editing by Grant McCool and Peter Cooney'