34192624440;b'Uber updated privacy policy, which came into effect from May 25, leaves ones personal data exposed if a user blindly gives consent to the terms and conditions. \n \nUber can now collect personal information such as the contact list from the phone\'s address book, e-mail ID, bank details, government ID card details and other vital information. To make things worse, Uber can use the information even after one deletes one\'s account from their platform. \n \nThe updated policy states that Uber may collect and use information on the basis of user consent. \n \n"Uber relies on consent in connection with data collections or uses that are necessary to enhance the user experience, to enable optional services or features, or to communicate with you," says the policy. \n \nThis consent could be revoked at any time, but the policy states that if the user does so, (s)he will not be able to use any service or feature that requires collection of the said data, thus restricting the user from utilizing the app to the fullest. \n \nFor instance, one could enable Uber to periodically sync the address book/ contacts information from one\'s mobile device, which will store information about the contacts on their servers. This includes the names, phone numbers, emails addresses and other information stored in the user\'s phonebook. Disabling it will hinder features such as fare-splitting and sharing trip status. \n \nUnder the user\'s consent, his or her basic information can be shared with not only the drive, but also with other users while using Uber Pool. \n \nIt can also be shared with their third-party partners such as Uber Eats, or any company they tie-up with such as restaurants, food delivery apps. It can even be a company that uses Uber to market itself. \n \nThe mobile aggregator says it will also use personal information to prevent use of their services by persons who have engaged in inappropriate or dangerous behaviour. "We also use usage information to prevent matching of riders and drivers for whom there is higher risk of conflict," said the company in a statement. Uber will use user profile, location, device and usage information to identify and prevent circumstances when users attempt to defraud Uber or other users. \n Who can use your data  Payment processors and facilitators.  Cloud storage providers  Marketing partners and marketing platform providers.  Airports.  Restaurant partners. '