34192584985;b'Bypoll results 2018: Opposition parties take 11 of 14 Assembly and Lok Sabha seats | | Published: June 1, 2018 5:35:10 am RLD, SP, BSP and Congress workers celebrate in Kairana, UP, on Thursday after RLDs Tabassum Hasan won. (Express Photo by Gajendra Yadav) Top News Adding to the BJPs string of electoral reverses in bypolls, Opposition parties Thursday won 11 of 14 assembly and Lok Sabha seats, including the Kairana parliamentary constituency in Uttar Pradesh, sending the ruling party a wake-up call in the run-up to the 2019 general elections.\n\nThe saving grace for the BJP came from Maharashtra where it defeated the Shiv Sena in a keen contest for the Palghar Lok Sabha seat. In Uttarakhand, the BJP won the Tharali assembly seat while NDA partner NDPP took the Nagaland Lok Sabha seat.\n\nIn the bypolls to four Lok Sabha seats, the score was 2-2 for the Opposition and the NDA  all the four seats were with the NDA earlier. The RLD-SP-BSP-Congress combine wrested Kairana from the BJP and the NCP-Congress alliance snatched the Bhandara-Gondiya seat in Maharashtra.\n\nThe silver lining for the BJP, however, was its performance in West Bengal where it pushed the Left front candidate to the third spot in the Maheshtala assembly election where the Trinamool Congress emerged victorious.\n\nBarring the Tharali seat, the BJP and its allies were defeated in the other nine assembly bypolls. The BJP lost the Noorpur seat in Uttar Pradesh to the SP while allies Shiromani Akali Dal and JD(U) lost a seat each to the Congress and the RJD in Punjab and Bihar. The Congress bagged three seats  one each in Meghalaya, Karnataka and Punjab  while others Opposition parties won the remaining six  JMM took two in Jharkhand; CPM, SP, RJD and Trinamool Congress one each in Kerala, UP, Bihar and West Bengal respectively.\n\nWhile the Opposition celebrated the wins and claimed that the reverse countdown for the BJP had begun, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke for the ruling party: For a massive leap, one always has to go two steps backward We are going to take a massive leap.\n\nKairana sent the BJP a second reminder from Uttar Pradesh after the loss of the Gorakhpur and Phulpur Lok Sabha seats. In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the BJP with ally Apna Dal won 73 of 80 seats and swept the assembly elections a year ago.\n\nThere were alarm bells for ally Nitish Kumar too in Bihar. RJDs Shahnawaz Alam defeated JD(U)s Murshid Alam by a margin of 41,000 votes in the Jokihat seat in Araria, a predominantly Muslim district. The bypoll had to held because MLA Sarfaraz Alam, elder brother of Shahnawaz, quit JD(U) after Kumar joined hands with the BJP.\n\nSoon after the result, RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav attacked Nitish Kumar, saying he should resign immediately. JD(U) general secretary K C Tyagi attributed the defeat in Jokihat to peoples reaction over the hike in fuel prices.\n\nThe defeat of the BJP in Kairana, coming as it does after the Gorakhpur and Phulpur setbacks in March, has strengthened the Opposition belief that if they remain united, they can outsmart the BJP in its strongholds. The defeat is also a personal setback for Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.\n\nKairana was in many ways an experiment in social engineering and seat sharing by the Opposition. Despite coming second in 2014, the SP agreed to back RLD candidate Tabassum Hasan who defeated BJPs Mriganka Singh by a margin of 44,618 votes. The BSP had come third in 2014.\n\nThe results show that the RLDs Jat vote bank, the SPs OBC and the BSPs Dalit voter base responded to the combines call. For now, the Jats and Muslims, pitted against each other during and after the 2013 Muzaffarnagar riots, buried their differences  an area of concern for the BJP.\n\nWhile the BJP retained the Palghar seat, it only deepened its divide with the Shiv Sena with which it shares power in Maharashtra. BJPs Rajendra Gavit won the seat, defeating Shiv Senas Shrinivas Wanaga. The Congress won Shahkot in Punjab, Ampati in Meghalaya and R R Nagar in Karnataka.\n\nTrinamools Dulal Das won the Maheshtala bypoll in West Bengal. In Kerala, Left candidate Saji Cheriyan won the Chengannur bypoll. The JMM retained the Silli and Gomia seats in Jharkhand.\n\nWest Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said people were disenchanted with the BJP and that regional parties were very strong now. Congress leader Pramod Tiwari said the writing on the wall was clear. In Lucknow, SPs Akhilesh Yadav told reporters: This is a defeat for those who do not believe in democracy and play divisive politics. People have given a befitting reply to the BJP. More Top News Share your thoughts'