34192612003;b'Absence of ministers has affected relief work during recent downpour \nIt has been 16 days since the Assembly elections results were announced, but there are no signs of a proper government in place yet. After the test vote drama and subsequent political developments, Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy, representing the Congress-JD(S) alliance was sworn on May 23, but again the Cabinet could not be formed, owing to differences within the alliance. The protracted delay is taking a toll on states developmental activities  and other emergency needs. \n\nDuring the recent downpour and floods in coastal Karnataka, many leaders and officials felt things wouldve been much better if a proper government was in place. Luckily, the rain stopped the next day. \n\nThough Dakshina Kannada district administration sprang into action to control the flash floods following the record rainfall of 368mm rainfall in six hours on Tuesday, many officials, seeking anonymity, said, We wished the government had appointed district in-charge ministers. In such situations, everyone looks to in-charge ministers. \n\nCongress leaders too nod in agreement. \n\nThough it is the Congress-JD(S) government in the State, in Dakshina Kannada, the party won just one seat out of the eight seats. We saw all BJP leaders visiting places and taking stock of the situation. We were also expecting the chief minister to visit the district though he was in constant touch with the Deputy Commissioner, a source said. \n\nThe incessant rains on Tuesday that started around 9 am turned into a deluge after a few hours. Within one hour of heavy rainfall, all low-lying areas witnessed water logging. \n\nIn Mangaluru, the low-lying areas of Jeppinamogaru, Kottara Chowki, areas in Deralakatte, Shaktinagar, PVS circle, Padil Junction, Pandeshwar, \nAttavar were water logged. Severely affected areas were MG Road, Alake, Managudda, Thokottu, Mahaveer Circle, KodialGuttu, Urva- Hoigebail and Bejai areas that were inundated. \n\nMangaluru City South MLA Vedavyas Kamath wished Chief Minister HD Kumaraswamy visited Mangaluru. The city has incurred huge loss. We have instructed the officials concerned to see that all the storm drains are cleared, he said. \n\nDYFI state president Muneer Katipalla said, there are three main aspects to the issue. When constructing new layouts and houses the town planners are not paying attention to the stormwater drains for the water to flow. Encroachment of storm water drains has taken place. In the name of monsoon \npreparedness, the Mangaluru City Corporation spends crores of rupees to clean drains and remove silt. \n\nThe works are not done properly. \n\n\nIn most cases, silt only from the surface is cleared. From corporators to contractors, everyone makes money. The drains have to be cleaned well before rainy season. Most of the drains were blocked. Another big problem in the city is the unscientific implementation of the National Highway works,he said. \nNo strict action will be ever taken. Several colleges have encroached storm water drains. \n\n \nWe do not have public representatives with a vision. In case we are witness to another day of record rainfall, we will be able to assess \nif any work has actually taken place,  he said.'