34192530995;b'After days of hectic negotiations, alliance partners Janata Dal (S) and Congress on Wednesday finally sorted out the portfolio arrangement in Karnataka. Sources said the Congress has conceded the Finance portfolio to the Janata Dal (S), but will retain the Home department. \n \nThe tug of war in portfolio distribution has led to delay in expansion of the cabinet as well, although chief minister HD Kumaraswamy and his deputy G Parameshwara from the Congress took oaths over a week ago. \n \nLeaders from both the parties held five rounds of talks since Wednesday to finalise the portfolio sharing arrangement. Sources said Congress president Rahul Gandhi, who is abroad, has given his nod to concede the Finance portfolio to their alliance partner. Apparently, Gandhi had instructed party leaders to insist on holding the finance ministry in order to take credit after announcing loan waivers to farmers. \n \nHowever, Kumaraswamy argued that in coalition governments in Karnataka, the junior partner has always taken the Finance portfolio. Congress leaders pointed out that even though the JD (S) was a junior partner, it was heading the government. Gandhi has gone to the US with his mother Sonia Gandhi for her medical check-up. \n \nThe power-sharing arrangement between the two alliance partners is being finalised and is in the final stages, the Congress sources added. The decision on when to make the formal announcement would depend on the leadership of the two parties, they said. Congress general secretary in-charge of Karnataka K C Venugopal and Janata Dal-Secular secretary general Danish Ali will travel to Bengaluru to apprise their state leaders before finalising the arrangement, the sources added. \n \n"We have held five rounds of talks with each other and have decided that the JD-S will get the Finance portfolio. I will go to Bengaluru to hold further talks within our party," Ali said, adding that he would meet Kumaraswamy and former prime minister H D Deve Gowda. \n \nMeanwhile, reports of the CBI raiding residences of Congress leader D K Shivakumar created panic at the Congress headquarters. However, it later turned out that the raids were conducted in the residences and offices of some people close to Shivakumar on charges of illegally exchanging demonetised currency notes. Shivakumar, who was instrumental in keeping the Congress MLAs together at a resort and hotel in the recent political drama in Karnataka against alleged poaching bid by the BJP to muster numbers, said he won\'t succumb to any pressure. "If somebody thinks that they can force me and my family to bend before them by threatening us, we are not the ones who will succumb to their pressure. We are ready for any challenge. We had an inkling of these problems," said Shivakumar. Former chief minister Siddaramaiah condemned the CBI raids, alleging that the Centre had been targeting Congress leaders but it will not succeed.'