34192623946;b'In court, Indrani Mukerjeas former assistant Kajal Sharma denies having any knowledge of the alleged murder conspiracy. \nKajal Sharma, former personal secretary to Indrani Mukerjea , the prime accused in the Sheena Bora murder case, on Thursday deposed in the special CBI court and denied having any knowledge of the alleged conspiracy surrounding Sheena Boras murder. \n\nSharma, also a prosecution witness in the case, was cross-examined for the second day by advocate Shrikant Shivde, the counsel for Peter Mukerjea, Indranis husband and a co-accused in the case. \nSharma had told the CBI that Indrani had forced her to forge Sheena Boras signature on a resignation letter and on a letter seeking cancellation of Boras leave and licence agreement with her employer. \nThis purportedly happened after Sheenas death. \n\nSharma, on Thursday, told special judge JC Jagdale that she had merely followed official orders from her boss Indrani in setting up a Skype account for accused Shyamvar Rai, who later became approver in the case, writing a fake resignation letter pretending to be Bora, and forging the deceaseds signature on the same. \n\nUntil the police discovered the murder, my eyes had been closed to reality. I had worked with Indrani with the belief that she was my boss who could never give me any wrong instructions. Therefore, I would blindly follow all her instructions without getting into whether they were right or wrong, Sharma said. \n\nI believed at the time that as a loyal employee, I was to follow all instructions given by my boss, she said. \n\nSharma was responding to Shivdes questions on whether she deemed it right to have forged Boras signature on the resignation letter after her alleged killing. \n\nSharma also told the court that she was not very well versed with computers, emails, and Skype etc. \n\nAccording to Sharma, she had created an email address in Boras name and set up a Skype account for Rai and taught him to use it. \n\nIn his statement to the CBI, Rai, Indranis former driver, had said that Boras killing was planned through Skype.'