34192575423;b'Rajkot: If you are single and looking out for a house on rent in ceramic town Morbi, ensure that your parents give their consent in writing. \nThe Morbi district administration has issued a notification which makes it mandatory for a single person to submit a letter of consent from his/her parents along with the employees letter to the police before getting a rented accommodation. Officials said this is mandatory, especially for youngsters, who come to study in Morbi. \nOfficials also said that the notification has been in place since 2017 and it just only been renewed now. The notification also applies to a single person who is looking to take an industrial shed. \n\nAdditional district collector, Morbi, K P Joshi said, The logic behind this mandatory condition is to create a proper record of youngsters coming here and that their parents are aware about their job or educational institute. \n\n\nThe Rs 32,000-crore ceramic industry in Morbi employs large number of people in the white-collared jobs from across the state. Most of them are youngsters who stay on rent and nearly 30,000 people are those who have migrated from other places. The work at various positions like sales managers, marketing executives, export managers, computer operators, accountants and others. \nDistrict collector R J Makadia said, These rules are in place so that we have details of all the persons coming to Morbi. These can come handy in case some crime happens. \nThe tenant has to fill up a form before renting a housing property and submit it to the police. When a property is rented to single man or woman, the letter of agreement of his/her parents needs to be submitted along with letter of the company in which they are employed. Other identity proofs like driving license, PAN card, election card are also a must, the notification states. Joshi has stated that the notification has been issued to maintain law and order and public security in the district. \nAll those people living on rent at present have also been asked to comply by the notification and submit the documents, including parents consent letter. However, its not clear whether this rule is followed strictly. When contacted, district police superintendent Jaypalsinh Rathod said, I am not aware about this and I have to see the notification first.'