34192612015;b'Kundapur lad scales peak with a blown out oxygen regulator \nHarshad Rao (29) hails from Ardi village of Kundapur in Udupi district and lives in Pune now. On May 20, he summited Kanchenjunga (8,586m), despite his oxygen regulator blowing out midway. In fact, two years ago, he had reached the summit of Mt Everest with a leaking oxygen mask. But he believes, Kanchenjunga has been a bigger challenge. \n\nIt is very difficult to predict the accurate report for snow fall and weather, which is a challenge, said Harshad. When compared to Mt Everest summit push, the vertical distance of Kanchenjunga from Camp 4 to summit is 1,200 metres, which is 300 metres more, he pointed out. \n\nEverest is commercialized now. But Kanchenjunga has not been climbed since 2014. Last year, there was a problem and safety ropes could not be fixed. In 2016, a mountaineering camp got blown away in the wind and in 2015, mountaineers could not climb it because of the rope shortage, explained Harshad. Even the sherpas dont have much experience with the summit. It is believed to be a holy place by the locals. Of the sherpas with Harshads team, only one out of ten had climbed to the summit and that too, eight years ago. This year there were about 60 climbers from different groups. The first two teams could not fix the safety rope. We learnt from their mistakes and were successful in completing the summit in a single push with the sherpas. Our team completed the summit on May 20, followed by another team on May 21 and now the mountain is closed, Harshad said. Delhi man Arjun Vajpayee, was the only other Indian in the eight-person team. \n \nI started almost an hour later than the others, at 8.30pm, because there was an equipment malfunction. I managed to join the team at 5am since the group was moving slowly. When I was just 100 metres away from the summit, my oxygen regulator blew off. Sonam, my Sherpa, had moved ahead. I climbed another 80 meters and it was getting colder. My hands and mouth had turned numb, he recalled. \nI was lucky that someone from above saw me asking for help. Sonam came back with another oxygen cylinder and motivated me to go on. The group reached summit by 8.30am, but I managed to reach at 9.36am. I was exhausted and dehydrated and was the last guy to come down from the mountain for the day. After 12 hours of climbing up and another 13 hours to come down, I was hallucinating. But I still hope to do my next summit without oxygen, he said.'