34192688551;b'Ashok Kumar, Assistant Sub Inspector (ASI) of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) in Jammu and Kashmir, became a real life hero and an inspiration to the youth with his brave gesture. Kumar, despite being hit by an axe on his head, did not allow the assailant to snatch his riffle. \n \nKumar, 46, fought a close quarter hand to hand battle with the axe-wielding assailant despite being grievously injured at Kulgam town of South Kashmir on Thursday. Kumar of 18th battalion of CRPF was deployed at the district development commissioner office at Kulgam when the incident occured. \n \nBy the time other security force men could reach the spot, the assailant broke off and ran away, but Kumar managed to get the bag that the miscreant was carrying. He sustained grievous injuries and has been shifted to army\'s 92 base hospital for treatment \n \n"Our ASI was on duty at DC office when a man armed with axe attacked him from behind and tried to snatch his riffle. Though he was hurt in head he did not allow weapon to be taken away. Plus he grappled with the attacker with the intention of arresting him. He also managed to wrench the bag which attacker was carrying," said Zulfiqar Hassan, Inspector General of CRPF (Operations). \n \nDisplaying a lot of restraint, Kumar didn\'t open fire as there was a large crowd around and it would have caused injuries to civilians. A massive manhunt has been launched to the nab the culprit. \n \nHailing from Hamirpur in Himachal Pradesh, the 46 year old officer has been posted in the valley since October 2015. "Ashok Kumar was initially evacuated to Kulgam District hospital and later shifted to 92 Base Hospital. He received three sharp cuts on his head and is being operated upon. His present condition is critical", said Hassan. \n \nFacing weapon crunch, militants are encouraging new recruits to snatch riffles from the police and security forces before formally joining their ranks. Police have recently banned the use of smart phones by sentry during duties to avoid weapon snatching. \n \nOfficial figures reveal that nearly 251 weapons were looted by militants from security forces in the last three years. Nearly 76 weapons were recovered by the forces later. Around 90 accused have been arrested so far in these cases. \n \nThe weapons looted included 35 AK riffle, 44 Insas riffles, four carbines, 43 self loading riffles, one light machine gun, five 303 riffles, one gas gun, 12 pistol, one pica gun, two UMG, 102 tear shells/grenades and one AR 41 riffle. \n \nThe recovered weapons include, 23 AK riffles, 25 Insas, four carbines, 10 self loading riffles, one light machine gun, two 3030 riffle, one gas gun, six pistil, one pica gun, two UMG and one AR 41 riffle. \n \nThere are 61 battalions of CRPF deployed in Jammu and Kashmir who perform dual role of fighting militancy and maintaining the law and order.'