34192738482;b'A 17-year-old physically-challenged girl was allegedly gangraped by three men inside a flat in Sahibabad area of Ghaziabad on late Wednesday night. Police said they have arrested one of the accused and are checking the CCTV footages of the area to identify the other two accused. \n \nAccording to the police, the arrested accused has been identified as Ravi, a native of Baghpat district, who along with his two friends took turns to rape a girl in his flat. \n \nPolice said that the physically-challenged minor girl, with a disabled leg, was waiting for an autorickshaw at the old bus stand at Sihani Gate area of Ghaziabad. \n \n"She was returning home from her office at around 11 pm and boarded a shared auto from the bus stand to go to her house in Nandgram area. Two persons, including the driver, were present in the auto when the girl boarded," said a senior police officer. \n \nPolice said that according to the complainant, the driver did not stop at Nandgram area and the accused forcefully took her to their friend\'s apartment in Garima Garden society of Sahibabad. \n \nThe three accused allegedly took turns to rape the girl at the apartment before her cries for help were heard by the neighbours. \n \n"The neighbours made a police control room call. As we received the information, a police team rushed to the spot and arrested one of the accused while the other two managed to flee the spot," said an officer. \n \nBased on the complaint filed by the victim, a case was registered. The minor girl was sent for the medical examination, reports of which are awaited. \n \n"We have registered a case under sections 376D (punishment for gang rape) of the India Penal code and relevant sections of POCSO (Protection of Children from Sexual Offences) act against a named and two unnamed persons. We have formed teams to nab the other two for which we are scanning the nearby area and also investigating the case from all angles," said a senior police officer. \n FRIENDS JOIN TO  \nAccording to the police, the arrested accused has been identified as Ravi, a native of Baghpat district, who along with his two friends took turns to rape a girl in his flat.'