34192614987;b'Security bills for 2013 Womens Cricket World Cup and 2016 World Twenty20 not yet cleared. \nThe Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) owes over Rs 13 crore to the police force, which provides security for various matches and tournaments played in the city, including the Indian Premier League, an RTI query has revealed. \n\nGirgaum resident Jeetendra Ghadge, who obtained the information, said the pending bills included charges for the 2013 Womens Cricket World Cup (Rs 6.66 crore), 2016 ICC World Twenty20 (Rs 3.6 crore), and a Test between India and England (Rs 50 lakh). MCA also faces a demand of Rs 83 lakh for arrangements that the Mumbai police made for a promotional match. \nDespite these uncleared bills, the Mumbai police continue to deploy personnel for new matches. The forces top brass, it seems, is being lenient because of political pressure, Ghadge said. MCA should make the payments immediately as the money, I assume, goes to police welfare programmes. \nDeputy police commissioner Sachin Patil said steps were being taken to recover the money. Some queries have been raised about old bills. We are looking into them, he said. \n\nAn MCA official told Mirror that a disagreement over the rate charged by the police force had held up the payments. They have charged us the same rate for all types of matches, be it an IPL contest or a practice game. We have raised the issue with the state government and our application is pending, the official said, adding MCA had requested the state to set lower rates for some matches. \n\nThe police charge Rs 80 lakh for securing an IPL match. Over 5,000 cops are deployed in and around the Wankhede when there is an IPL game, a senior officer said. \n\nGhadge said the organisers of Mumbai Marathon had not yet paid the police Rs 80 lakh for this years event. Mirror could not confirm the same with the organisers. \n\nGhadges RTI query, meanwhile, also revealed that the police earned around Rs 31crore by providing security for IPL between 2008 and 2018, and Rs 8 crore from the previous marathon events and football league matches. \n\nAnother senior officer said such income would be used to set up a welfare fund for cops. \n\nThe Mumbai police charge Rs 80 lakh for securing an IPL match'